Tweak: Adds minor copy edits to the workspaces and teams page (#5034)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-manager/auth/workspaces-and-teams.md

2. On the workspaces tab, click on **New Workspace**.
3. Create a workspace named `SecureWorkspace` and select a color or image for the workspace avatar.

    {:.important}

>     > Workspace names are **case sensitive** ("Payments" and "payments" are not equal), so it is recommended you give your worksapces unique names regardless of letter case to prevent confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Workspace names are **case sensitive** ("Payments" and "payments" are not equal), so it is recommended you give your workspaces unique names regardless of letter case to prevent confusion.
```

    >
    > <br>
    > Additionally, do not give a workspace the same name as any of these major routes in Kong Manager:
    >
    |---------|-----------|--------------|---------------|
    | Admins  | APIs      | Certificates | Consumers     |
    | Plugins | Portal    | Routes       | Services      |
    | SNIs    | Upstreams | Vitals       | PermalinkStep |

> 4. Click **Create New Workspace**, and you will see your new workspace dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Create New Workspace** to open a new workspace dashboard.
```

5. Click the **Teams** tab.
6. From the Teams page, click the **Roles** tab.
7. Select `SecureWorkspace` to view the default roles that come with {{site.base_gateway}}.

    By default, each new workspace has the following roles and privileges:

    | Role                     | Description                                                                                  |
    |--------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

>     | *workspace-admin*        | Full access to all endpoints in the workspace — except RBAC Admin API. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | *workspace-admin*        | Full access to all endpoints in the workspace except the RBAC Admin API. |
```

Author: Totes, just an FYI I copied and pasted directly from the product for these 🤷

Reviewer: 😭
